He goes.
We'll come back.
In the last video, we were successfully able to optimize our website using the split chunk plugin.
Now we're going to be taking it one step further.
So what I've done, all we heard is I've added a new functionality.
So we have this button here called our C pricing.
When you click on this button, you'll be seeing this pop up here.
So it does not really show the pricing, but this is going to be sufficient for the demo.
I would like to show it to you.
All right.
So what am I trying to prove over here?
Well, if we try to inspect this current page and if I just go to the network tab, let's hit on refresh.
Now, when I click on this see pricing plan, you can see that nothing really changed in my network.
We just have three bundles loading in and that's how the entire page is getting loaded.
Now this is great, but let's say, for example, this was a really complex button.
You know, when you click on the button, you're loading some charting library of maybe some kind of
heavy library that takes up a lot of resource.
So in that case, what will happen is until the person has not really clicked on the button, you're
simply loading all the resource in this bundle.
So it does not really make sense, right?
Maybe the person you want does not even click on this button.
In that case, you're simply wasting your resources.
So we want a solution wherein when I click on this button, only then the libraries that are required
to show this component should be loaded.
So how can we implement such a functionality?
Okay.
To implement this functionality, let's go to our coding section.
I'm back in.
Re is called nova.
Following along with me.
You will have to use this 8.74 to 8 points and folder contains the logic for showing this model window.
It was not there in the previous folders.
So for that reason, this use this 8.7 folder.
Okay.
In my case, I have used the 8.74 to as the base and I've replicated it in the 8.8, which I'm going
to be writing and it's going to be containing this solution.
What we're doing right now.
Okay.
So how do we proceed?
Well, let's just have a look at what's happening here.
Now, if I just open up the SRT and go to my index page.
Now, in the index page, you can see that I've added a new functionality by adding this function called
show model.
If we just inspect what the show model does, it doesn't do a lot.
It's basically a function.
It's adding a couple of HTML elements on your page, and then you also have some click listeners, which
is used for closing that particular window.
Okay.
So that's it.
We are just exporting this function and it is being imported in this index dog years.
Now when you click on this button, which was our CE pricing plan and when we click on their C pricing
plan, that is when this particular block of code is called.
So when you click on it, you are calling the show model and then users are adding some users to show
the particular window.
So nothing fancy here.
Okay.
So let's see how we can make it fancy, right?
So in this, what I'm going to be doing is I'm going to be implementing dynamic inputs.
Now federalism, I'm going to be removing the import that was there on top.
So we do not need this as a no.
So I'm just comment this out and instead we're going to be adding the import.
As soon as we click on that button.
So right now on this particular piece of code.
So when we're clicking on the button, we're going to be importing that particular file, which was
this chore model function.
So how do we do that then?
We're going to be changing the syntax of import a little.
So just have a look first and then I'll explain it.
So I say import and in this I'm what are we putting up?
Dash Star.
Star.
So it's just going to be like a command block.
So with just one stars on each of the ends and in this, we're going to be putting the name as that
back junk name.
That name is going to be capital.
And in this, we give this junk a name.
So, for example, let's call this junk a name as model.
So that's going to be the junk name.
And we also need to make sure that the junk name is in order, comma.
So just put the double inverted commas here.
All right.
So we have given the name of the junk.
Now we also need to specify the file that needs to be imported.
So for that, we can just put up a space.
Then again, have the inverted commas.
And in this I'll say a dot slash component slash model.
Okay.
So this is what we are trying to import.
And this is the name of the junk that Webpack is supposed to make.
Okay.
Now, the cool part of it is when we are using dynamic import, it returns a promise.
A promise in JavaScript is a function that results after some time.
So it's basically something like a web request.
So it does not resolve immediately.
It resolves after some time.
So for resolving the promise, we use DART then.
So that's what's written when the promise is returned successfully.
And in here we want to be putting up as module.
So what happens here is basically once the promise as a result is going to be returning the entire module.
So that means it's returning this right here.
So as you can see, this is what's returned.
Okay.
So once we have the module, we need to be getting this show module function right from this module.
So what we'll do here is music concert show model.
Equals to module dot default.
Okay.
So yes, I know it's a little bit weird syntax, but let me just try to explain what's here once again.
So we are trying to do a dynamic import.
First, we specify the web back chunk name, then we specify the file from where it's going to be loading.
Then we're resolving the promise that's been done by the import statement and in the promise we get
back to module.
And in the module we know that there's a function called us show model.
Now we have the function.
So things are pretty simple.
We can just move all of this sort of block inside this.
So that's that's pretty much it.
So let me just quickly save this.
Now, since I have my back.
Bev So we're running against, I'd like to automatically picked up all the changes.
Now, if I just go back to my browser and in this, let's give it a refresh.
Okay.
Now please know that what's happening in the browser, we have the vendor, we have the vendor as the
SS and the index bundle dogs.
But as soon as I click on the C pricing, you can see that a new bundle just got loaded and this is
exactly what is dynamic import.
Or you can also call it as lazy loading.
So in this case, if this is a big library, it's going to be loaded only when a user interacts with
it.
And this can be really useful to be optimizing the performance of your website as basically this is
true when you are on the first page of your website, you want minimum resources to be loaded on your
first page of the website.
I hope you found that really cool and useful, and I hope you use that in your next project.
All right.
That's about it for Dynamic Inputs.
Let's move on to the next feature in the Webpack optimization section.